well this is the hacker chirp low seven
and today I'm doing a video theme review
I seem me by an unknown artist I'm not
sure what's actually made from um
if he finds its video you can obviously
contact me and I'll give you credit in
description below but anyway this theme
is called a HUD black it is the actual
it's a modded version of the hard launch
and HUD red theme being by mr. Grimm
again this was not made by him this is
just a modded version of it so as you
see it's mainly black there is no
current HUD black theme and the person
did a great job of actually modding it
so now it's black so I'll show you how
to get it a hovel download link in
description below and you'll get this
right here and inside this folder you'll
get these two here just drop them into
window is /resources slash and just
paste it in there and then you can
activate it from inside there and then
you'll get this this works great with
custom icons which I have from the Hydra
theme which I have in a different video
if you guys want to check that out to
have download link description below
also with a yellow version of the theme
so I'll have another to view or use now
in description below if you guys want to
check it out this is a great download
case it really small files like two
point eight three megabytes so it'll be
fast and out but the guy did a great job
so once you activate it you see you have
custom op most custom icons we got
custom sounds looks like I haven't heard
any yet but uh yeah
and with the background we got to
backgrounds so we got the one right here
I see there and we up with this one
which is another cool one also we have
the office of the custom icon so you can
see it's little it's a different than
actually the actual normal high-tech
icons
I haven't pretty sure you couldn't
duplicate those so he just made his own
but also those are pretty cool too
we have the custom icons up top here
he changed both colors except for the
last one which she turns red but the
great theme you know it changed the
fonts
he hasn't icons for it but for a basic
small download this is a great theme so
that's where for this video and
obviously started last thing in here it
all see a little transparent so you can
see through you can see through almost
that's it for this video again I'll have
about mediafire downloads and
description below with this theme and if
you guys like the theme like the video
favorite it wherever I do and besides
that have a great day this is the hacker
true blue 7 and I'm signing off